First and foremost, I believe a good AI for a real-time 1v1 game like this should be centered around
the concept of pressure. Specifically, I want to measure how much pressure, or lack there of, the opponent
is exerting in each of the game's lanes. Personality types could be defined around this pressure value. For
example, a defensive AI would want to try and defend against pressure being put in their lanes, whilst an 
aggressive AI might try and push for a great pressure differential between its lanes and its opponents'. 
I believe this philosophy of centering my AI design around a pressure value would improve the AI's responsiveness
as well as the fun players would have playing against my AI. I am not coding a win condition for my AI, rather
I am designing a bot that will respond to the player's actions, or will act in such a way that will require
a response from the player. This, in theory, would mean that games feel particularly back and forth until the
greater player wins. Difficulty modulation would also be very easy to implement with this system, as I could 
just modify how the AI responds to pressure or modify how the AI perceives pressure coming from the opponent.
This would make "easy" AIs feel slower compared to more difficult bots.

I would personally split the pressure value into the two lanes, east and west. I would measure the value
by calculating the speed, damage, and health of units on the east or west side of the board and add those
values to the respective lane's pressure. We could modify this pressure value by a difficulty debuff to 
change how well the AI perceives pressure. I'm also thinking that there could be a pressure point where
the AI would consider the opponent to be "rushing" a tower down, where the pressure being put on a lane is
unusually high, or changes dramatically very quickly. Then the AI would have to respond to this rush based
on their personality type. I also want to introduce a bit of randomness to my algorithm so that the AI 
doesn't do the same thing every time, so every tick I might make a roll to see if the AI will place a unit
of a certain type depending on the pressure, current elixer, and the AI's personality type.